Hey there.
I'm Andy Dyrcz,
and today I'd like to talk with you about Amazon Web Services CloudFront.
I've decided to write this course because I believe that CloudFront is
a tool worthy of being in everyone's Cloud toolbox.
CloudFront has a focus on simplicity and speed.
This focus helps you quickly get set up and running
distributing your content fast and cost effectively.
In this course,
I'm going to show you how to provision and deploy a web
application and static content utilizing CloudFront.
To help drive home these concepts,
we'll deploy a simple web application for a marketing website
for an upcoming fictional conference event.
This application is what's showing on the screen during this introduction.
This application, the AWS console,
and the terminal will be used to show the key features of CloudFront,
plus, each module in this course has tons of examples,
which are in this repo.
All of this are designed to help you learn how to use CloudFront to
quickly and securely deploy your applications.
In this module, we'll start with a high-level overview of CDNs,
from there, we'll introduce you to CloudFront,
and you'll learn why CloudFront is a pleasure to work with.
After that, we'll get to work and begin our initial setup for the course.
Finally,
this module will conclude with you understanding the principles
and benefits of using CloudFront as your CDN,
as well as you having a basic setup ready to begin configuring
things as we progress through this course. Let's begin.